The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, he's a criminal, he's a democratic Trump. He's a criminal. Yeah.
Who's not funny. Um, and should be in jail. Um, how about that? Huh?
He's threatens calling and threatening people telling them not to journalists.
Yeah. Calling a threatening people. He's calling other people going, Hey man,
politicians, you know, we're, you know, we don't, we, we act a certain way.
I don't know, know what the quote is. Jamie you'll find it.
But he said something to the guy like mafia. Yeah. Well the, the filmar, um, uh,
crystal and Sager covered it today on their, uh, their show. And it's, uh, on,
there's a clip on, on their Instagram page, uh, showing the,
the guy and he's explaining what they said and what Cuomo said to him.
But he basically said, I will destroy you. Yeah. Which is like, they,
they were that's lovely.
They said, is that nice? Yeah. They, they said accurately, they're like,
this is cartoonish. Yeah. It's cartoon. And they all get caught.
They said thing with Ted Cruz on a plane or this guy doing that, like,
you all get caught.
It's no longer like the sixties when they could just with impunity,
do whatever they wanted. Well, he's a 70 year old guy,
part of them doing this his whole life. Of course. Yeah.
But like you get caught now and then they look terrible. Yeah.
When they get caught. Well, that's the least of it. What? He looks terrible.
The reason why he doesn't want them to say things. Yeah.
Is because they lied about the COVID numbers in nursing homes,
the COVID deaths in nursing homes,
which are directly attributable to his policies killed. It's crazy.
Literally they lied about 50% percent. Wow. They,
they lied at a 50%. Right. So yeah, whatever the. The number was,
it was 50% off the real number. Wow.
Which is thousands of deaths. So it was a brush shot. Thousands.
Thousands of people died that died. Just think of a pile.
Think of like a show that you and I would do at a nice theater. Sure.
I think of those people just backed up dead. Yeah.
Because of the decision of a politician. Can they get, is, is, is it a, is it a,
because I know that they're trying to recall Newsom.
They're trying to recall him too. They're trying to recall him too. Yeah.
They're, they're gathering the momentum to try to recall him right now. Yeah.
But on top of that, there's also, I don't know if this is true,
but I was reading about the potential FBI. There's a criminal investigation.
Well, there should be. Yeah. Well, his,
one of his aide leaked the fact that they were worried that these numbers were
gonna get out and that it was gonna help the Trump administration. So they,
yeah, this is all again, crazy political. It's all crazy. But also I'm a moron.
I don't really know what the I'm talking about. Let's just be really clear.
I'm listening to people like crystal and saga that from the hill from rising.
I actually know what they're talking about and I'm reiterating what they're
saying. Just, just say to that. Well,
I know what I'm talking about and Cuomo should go to jail.
What kind here it is us attorney,
FBI investigating Cuomo's handling of nursing home de okay. Now though,
this is on NBC. Whenever something gets on NBC, you know,
they're, right? Because is a Democrat, right. When they're covering this on NBC,
they're throwing him on the, the bus. Not only that,
they've also barred his brother from ever interviewing him on CNN. Well,
yeah, that's, I mean,
that's a dog and pony show the idea that he could even interview his own brother
and toss him softball questions. And Jake Tapper wants to interview him.
I believe is Jake Tapper. I think who's a credible journalist. Right.
And they're like, uh,
he doesn't wanna talk to Jake Tapper because Jake Tapper is gonna hold his feet
to the fire or whoever it is. Remember in the beginning, Cuomo was the star.
Yes. Like Chelsea handler's like, I wanna Cuomo. Like they were all,
he was the star. Imagine he said that Wasnt being him. She said, yeah,
<laugh> with a threat. That's your reward. That's a threat. Uh, but the,
how would she do it too? She'd be on top. Yeah. And she'd punch him. Yeah.
As soon as she came, she'd punch him right in the nose. <laugh> <laugh>
he was the star. Everybody loved him in the beginning. And they were like,
he's handling it brilliantly. I thought, so you, I thought so. Yeah,
this is what I thought. I thought he he's calm. And he, he looks like a leader.
I mean, this is like, you know,
you see a man who is handling things in a very calm manner. And,
but as time went on, he started to crack. Right? Yeah.
And you see this with people that respond to pressure and criticism,
it changes their character. And this is what I'm talking about with my friend,
right. Is brilliant guy. Who's dealing with, uh,
social media pressure that just you taking too much criticism.
And it starts to change your perspective, which starts to change your behavior,
which becomes ultimately very detrimental. And you see it with Cuomo.
When he starts saying one of the things that he said about like lockdowns,
he's like, you know, have you done didn't wanna gain weight?
You shouldn't ate the cheesecake. Right? You didn't listen. You didn't listen.
You didn't wear your mask. You didn't social distance. That's not what it is.
You idiot. Right. That's not what it is. Right.
What it is is this virus is very complicated and it's confusing because it was
made in a lab. Probably right. Again, I'm a moron, but yeah,
people that I know that are smart, think it was made in a right.
And they think that what happens is when you enforce lockdowns,
you force people inside and you force people to be right on top of each other
and they breathe each other's air. And that's how people get sick. Right.
And it's more likely that they're gonna get sick that way than if you let them
do things and just go out in public and just go around and
go places and min. Well,
this was also a guy that when New York was descending into a,
a crime infested hell case, he said, I'll everybody come back.
I'll cook for you. I'll cook for you. I'll cook for you. I'll make your sauce.
You make there's people in New York right now,
beating each other with metal bats in the street.
I saw that video to death and the Blasio has people doing a dance routine.
Almost telling people don't make them Sunday sauce. It's a little,
how about that? It's a little disturbing video. I sent you that, right? Yeah.
It's absurd. How about how it's crazy. It's one of the crazy,
one of the things rare, rare times I post on Twitter. Yeah.
Rare times I post on Twitter. I posted that and I said, how the is this real?
How is this real? How's this real thing. Yeah.
It's literally a Cohen brother sketch. It's a,
it's a scene in the big Lebowski. Yeah. It's absurdist beyond belief. Yeah.
Please play that. Yeah. He has a dance. We're we're gonna bring back culture.
We're gonna bring back the arts.
This is what you say when you've never created a business. Yeah.
This is the kinda that you do. And they're not even good. Play this,
play this I need. They they're horrible. No, but it's not just,
they're horrible. They're part.
Of, and we're gonna do that.
We're gonna really bring back the heart and soul New York city.
We need our arts and culture back and we need people to see it and feel it to
participate in it.
To know that that essence of New York city has not been defeated by the
coronavirus, but we'll come back strong into that's.
Whitney. What is his? That is Whitney.
1 20 21 Is you see the city come back to life. Cultural will lead the way.
Open culture is another step towards our co.
For our city. Stop launching with hundred 15 location. Stop, stop. I can't
this. If you,
if I was a businessman who lost their business because they wouldn't allow me
to stay open, but they allow target to be open. They allow these giant wizard.
Where was the guy with the bat for that catch new episodes?
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog Jr E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.